# Learn Material UI

Material UI is developed to provide developers with great user interfaces by providing a Library of React Components that implements
Google's Material Design Principles. These can also be customised based on props we send to the default imported components.

## Layouts Components:

### BOX:

Box is a generic container that is aimed at providing functionality for grouping of other components. This resembles div. Box differs in the way it can be flexible with what it can properties be unlike other layout elements such as contaiener or stack or paper etc which are used for specific purposes only.

#### Properties to Box:

By default Box renders as div but this can be changed using attribute **component**. This can be dones as such:  
**_syntax:_**

'| Box component="section" |  
//this is rendered as section element rather than div  
| Box/ | '

For various other properties can also be used directly on Box element. Refer to Properites in the **MaterialUIProperties** file.

### Container:

Container is a basic layout element that centers ur contents horizontally.  Containers can be nested inside each other tho not oftenly used. There are two types of containers:  

**1. Fluid:** A container is fluid by default and hence can be used as:  
***syntax: *** <Container maxwidth: "size">  
size refering to: sm md lg etc. As above a container is bound by maxWidth property.

**2. Fixed:** A container has fixed size that occupies the entire page as a whole rather than adding a responsive fluid padding.  
***syntax: *** <Container Fixed>

### AppBar:
Appbar provides a basic header component, note that the header tag is automatically generated by mui's appbar. One can modify this by using className property.

### Divider:
Divider is used to provide a border type of element at the bottom.  

### Link:
A link component is used in place of anchor tag.  
***syntax *** <Link href="#" > Link Text </Link>  
Link also has properties such as **underline**{none, hover and always}, security features such as {rel = "noopener"} which prevents the third party link from sending the user to malicious websites, provides component="button" property to make a client side navigation rather than server side http round request rendering. Link also automates the Tab and Enter functionality on keyboard to navigate between links in page. Additionally this can also have a tooltip tag to show user where he is being navigated to.  

### Tooltip:
Tooltip is a description item to a link or any element. This is shown when user hovers on the element. Tooltips are used to assist the user to know description of icons usually.  
***syntax *** <Tooltip title="description"> elements </Tooltip>  

